this is a video of my crabbing operation
my name is captain al aboard the 17 foot
Boston wheel or named finally and these
are the crabs and I'm releasing I've got
this this morning those are too small
these are the ones I'm keeping right
here and my operation is basically to
set up in a secret spot I'm working out
a little room in his Cove here I'm doing
a 360 of the cove very private very
comfortable pretty much my operation
this morning and what I do is I use that
trolling motor there and this roller
right here there's my trout line right
in front of me and I'm gonna see if I
can't hug it can start running while I'm
videoing it'll be a very tricky
operation but probably miss a few crabs
basically there's been so many small
crabs in the upper bay that it's been
wonderful but they're eating all babies
almost all the bait is off the line
there's the roller coming up I use this
hook you're real bad if I drop this in
order a little too close here hook it up
like that direction get this net here
now here they come and like I say most
of the baits corner it's a baby crab and
just dip him throw him in the baby
basket this is the operation just a
million small crab so it's been a lot of
fun you run right down this line right
over this roller like this and we'll see
if we can't dip a few crabs we turn off
the engine because it's very peaceful so
you can see there's almost no bait when
this line these crabs are voracious
they're hungry they're small they're all
gonna grow about a little bigger each
time this here comes on ready so
prep see see I got it's a pretty good
crap so that's the operation and baby
crabs
controlled right here like that
maybe I'll try just one more for you and
I have another 600-foot out there so I
cover the shallow order and the deep
water crab right here got them and that
is the flu grad crab operation